Feature/logging (#1636)
inviwo/inviwo: CHANGELOG.md

Here we document changes that affect the public API or changes that needs to be communicated to other developers. 

> ## 2025-01-19 New Logging functions
> The existing macro based logging functions `LogInfo`, `LogWarn`, `LogError` and there `_Custom` versions are superseded a new
> API that takes advantage of `std::source_location`, meaning, we no longer need any macros. 
> 
> The new log functions all live in the `inviwo::log` namespace. They either take an explicit `SourceContext` argument, or automatically extract one from the call site. All functions that take a `fmt::format_string` do compile time format checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2025-01-19 New Logging functions
The existing macro based logging functions `LogInfo`, `LogWarn`, `LogError` and their `_Custom` versions are superseded
 by a new
API that takes advantage of `std::source_location`, meaning, we no longer need any macros. 

The new log functions all live in the `inviwo::log` namespace. They either take an explicit `SourceContext` argument, or automatically extract one from the call site. All functions that take a `fmt::format_string` perform compile time format checks.
```

Author: Can update that in the next pr...
